##SKILL TESTER
###Live Link: `TODO`

##FEATURES OF THIS APPLICATION
It is a simple quiz application.You can choose any category for test your skill of this subject. If you select correct answer it will display welcome message with toast and also if you select wrong answer it will display error message with toast.

####HOME PAGE

- Top of the Application there is a navbar includes some link
- If you want to navigate to a different page,click the link from the navigation bar
- Home is index route,means when the page load first time ,it will be shown by deafult
- Under the Hero Section there are four different categories of quiz,laoded from API
- If you click the image or start quiz button it will navigate you a different page dynamically and show the related question

####QUIZ PAGE

- Banner area display the current quiz topic name and total number of correct and incorrect answers
- Under the banner area it will show all the questions about the current quiz topic
- Top of the box it is quiz question and under the question there are multiple options for choose the correct answer
- If you click correct answer it will display welcome message with toast and count the number of correct answers and display it banner area.
- If you click incorrect answer it will display error message with toast and count the number of incorrect answers and display it banner area.
- If you click the eye icon it will display the correct answer of this question.

###STATISTICS PAGE

- It will display the total number of questions each topic the quiz app.
- There are four different topic in our app, it will display all the content dynamically from API

###BLOG PAGE

- It will display three different question.
- Blod text is a question and small text represent this question answer.

###`THANK YOU`
